The last video we created a database.
Now this video we will create a table for this database.
So on the logging app here on the left side this is the database that we created on the last one on
the last video.
So let's go ahead and create click here and create a table for you.
The table will be called users.
We're going to have three fields there three columns actually.
And we're going to go these three columns here are going to be named this one is going to be name ID.
This is going to be name user name.
This one will be named password for the ID column.
We will set it to integer that we would leave in the same set of for 11 characters long.
This way I hear auto increment we need to set it to autoincrement meaning that every time we create
a row on this column it will auto increment the number right here.
This integer whatever integer that is should be ID number one the first row and in that primary.
All right.
Because it is the primary and that's where we can look up things a lot faster.
Now the user name make sure that is data type Barcott meaning characters
variable's characters meaning têtes.
Right.
So 32 characters password and we make it of our car.
Tony to now this whole this all these data types have it's definition.
A definition in the web site so you can go and visit my admen or BHB that name will give you some information
about how these data types are if you want to find out more.
So now we are done here actually there is nothing else we got to do and just let's just click safe.
All right so now that we have the table right here we can insert some data into it.
So we click on it as a matter of fact we click here insert then we have this one is ignore because he's
already giving me an option to create more data into this table.
Right now I'm just going to leave it ignore just leave it checked.
Don't worry about it and let's create some data into this.
All right so I'm not going to put any good idea because it does it automatically for me.
Are you going to put a user name here.
Right.
And they use and then would be probably like my name and probably like Superman for a password and I'm
going to click go.
Right now we can go back and browse this.
You can check here and we can see that we indeed have some data into it.
We have the I.D. which we did not set.
He did it automatically without autoincrement and then we have the user name right here which it was
it was my name and the past was Superman.
All right.
So now we can go back here we can delete all these data if we wanted to we can just click here delete
this row right here.
All right we're not going to delete the table we are deleting the row.
Remember the number of rows right here.
So we are in the roll side if you want to delete the table.
Or do you need to go back to logging app and then you see that table right here.
Check here.
Select from here and drop it if you wanted to but I'm not going to do that since we need that table
and we need that data in there to do other things right.
So now we created a table we create a database first of all we create a table and we create some data
inside that table.
Now we are ready to do the next phase which is communicate with BHB.
All right so the next lecture we will discuss more about this.
Thank you